[indistinct chatter]
c0000001
- [yawns]
c0000002
Hmm?
c0000003
- [grunts]
c0000004
[train revving]
c0000005
- Poop guy.
c0000006
- He's a proud virgin!
c0000007
[laughing]
c0000008
- Mm. Oh.
c0000009
- Hmm?
c0000010
[both giggling]
c0000011
[girls laughing]
- Guys!
c0000012
- [exhales]
c0000013
What do I do?
c0000014
This has gone beyond
two people who
c0000015
are not quite dating yet
but close.
c0000016
Will people really believe
this naturally fizzled out
c0000017
during summer break?
c0000018
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000019
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000020
♪ ♪
c0000021
c0000022
♪ ♪
c0000023
- Hey, can you focus?
c0000024
It's time to study for exams.
c0000025
- I honestly think I'm fine
as long as I can avoid flunking.
c0000026
- Are you considering what
career you want to pursue?
c0000027
- Yes, I wanna be
your husband someday.
c0000028
- [groans]
c0000029
c0000030
I was thinking about going
to college.
c0000031
What are your plans?
c0000032
- University for me.
c0000033
- So you're not going
to concentrate on work?
c0000034
- I
can attend school
while working.
c0000035
I'm thinking a public university
in Yokohama.
c0000036
- You certainly have
the grades for it.
c0000037
- You wanna go to
the same university
c0000038
I go to, don't you?
c0000039
- Mm, if possible.
c0000040
- Then you should probably
study hard, right?
c0000041
- I mean, I guess so.
c0000042
- Come on.
Why so half-hearted?
c0000043
- Well, there's the issue
of fundamental academics
c0000044
so I can't feel all
that motivated.
c0000045
- Then what if I told you
I would tutor you in
c0000046
a bunny girl outfit?
c0000047
- My motivation would skyrocket!
c0000048
[gasps]
c0000049
- What is it?
c0000050
- I've gotta say I didn't think
you were serious
c0000051
about wearing it.
- Just focus on the textbook
c0000052
and not me.
c0000053
- Is there something wrong, Mai?
c0000054
- What do you mean?
c0000055
- You're not that angry at me.
c0000056
What happened?
c0000057
- Nothing did.
c0000058
I thought it'd be nice
to give you
c0000059
a carrot every so often.
- Why?
c0000060
- I just didn't think you'd get
into an actual fight
c0000061
for that girl's sake.
c0000062
- Hold on.
c0000063
Were you there watching
on Monday?
c0000064
- From the crowd, yeah.
c0000065
Oh, that's right.
c0000066
Go wash your shoes.
c0000067
- The thing about stepping
in poop was a lie.
c0000068
- Seriously? That's so boring.
- Come on, now.
c0000069
Just say you want attention.
c0000070
- I'm gonna punch you.
c0000071
- Not the face, please.
c0000072
- [exhales]
c0000073
Can you hurry up
and just humor me already?
c0000074
- Hey, Mai?
- Yeah?
c0000075
- I love you.
[groans]
c0000076
- You really shouldn't
openly cheat.
c0000077
You're the first-year's
boyfriend for now, aren't you?
c0000078
[indistinct chatter]
c0000079
- Did you do well on exams?
c0000080
- Ah, not really.
Did you do well?
c0000081
- Totally.
- What'd you get?
c0000082
- A failing grade.
c0000083
- Oh, so then we got
similar results.
c0000084
I promised my friends I'd go
to the beach with them
c0000085
but the only swimsuit that
I have is from school so I--
c0000086
- Why don't you wear your
middle school one?
c0000087
- Why the older one?
c0000088
Ooh, what do you think
of this one?
c0000089
- I don't have interest
in getting excited
c0000090
over excessive padding.
c0000091
- This isn't just
to appease you, you know.
c0000092
- With swimsuits like that,
c0000093
maybe you shouldn't wear them
until you're that big.
c0000094
- That means I'll never be able
to wear them!
c0000095
You better clean up your act
and stop being
c0000096
so rude to people.
c0000097
Otherwise Sakurajima
is gonna hate you.
c0000098
- If I say that to her
she's sure to punch me.
c0000099
- Why do you sound happy?
c0000100
Do you think you would ever go
to the beach with Sakurajima?
c0000101
- I don't know.
c0000102
Mai's famous so we might not
be able to do stuff like that.
c0000103
- Don't worry. I've decided
that I'm going to support you
c0000104
so everything goes well
with you and Sakurajima.
c0000105
- I mean, she and I
would already be dating
c0000106
if it wasn't for someone.
- [groans]
c0000107
Th--that's why I'm going
to cheer you on.
c0000108
- Yeah, okay. Guess I
appreciate the sentiment.
c0000109
Hey, Koga.
- Uh-huh?
c0000110
- Shouldn't we start thinking
about how we're gonna break up?
c0000111
- Oh, it's fine.
c0000112
I've already thought about
how I'm going to dump you,
c0000113
so I've got it all covered.
- Wait.
c0000114
I'm the one who's
getting dumped?
c0000115
- The story I came up with
c0000116
is you ultimately never
got over Sakurajima
c0000117
so I dump you 'cause
I finally realize that.
c0000118
- That's oddly realistic.
c0000119
- I end it by slapping you
and saying,
c0000120
"I don't care!
It's over!"
c0000121
- You're not really
going through with that?
c0000122
- It's gotta be realistic.
- So you are doing it.
c0000123
- Keep your schedule open after
the term ends.
c0000124
We're gonna have an argument on
the way back
c0000125
from our beach date.
c0000126
[birds chirping]
c0000127
- Rise and shine!
Time to get up!
c0000128
- [groans]
c0000129
[groans]
c0000130
Good morning, Kaede.
c0000131
- Good morning, big brother!
c0000132
- Today is Friday, July...
c0000133
- Summer break
is starting tomorrow.
c0000134
- So what do you think
of when you hear summer?
c0000135
- Watermelon!
c0000136
- Then I'll make sure
to get you one next time.
c0000137
- I want a really round one!
c0000138
- You got any plans for
the summer, Sakuta?
c0000139
- Yeah, work.
c0000140
- At least you'll have
Koga there.
c0000141
- What are you gonna be doing?
c0000142
- Work stuff, team stuff,
some dates.
c0000143
- You're a master of youth.
c0000144
- I could say the same
for you, too.
c0000145
- So as you know,
c0000146
tomorrow is the beginning
of a long summer break
c0000147
for all of you.
c0000148
I'm going to be asking you
c0000149
for two favors in the meantime.
c0000150
- Finally, our last date.
c0000151
The lie that we've been telling
c0000152
the entire student body
ends today.
c0000153
[cicadas chirping]
c0000154
- Oh! Looks like you
got here before me.
c0000155
[breathing heavily]
c0000156
[both groaning]
c0000157
[gasps]
c0000158
I changed into my swimsuit in
c0000159
the school locker room.
c0000160
You have such a pervy stare.
- I'm aware.
c0000161
- I don't want you lookin'
at me like that!
c0000162
[indistinct chatter]
c0000163
- [grunts]
c0000164
- [groans]
c0000165
- Now, let's go swim!
c0000166
- Huh? No feedback?
c0000167
- I thought you didn't want
me looking at you.
c0000168
Well, I do think you look cute.
c0000169
- C--Can you stop saying that?
c0000170
- All right, then what
do you want me to say?
c0000171
- Uh, I guess "cute" is okay.
c0000172
- Are you emotionally unstable?
c0000173
- Listen, this is simply how
a girl's mind works!
c0000174
- I had no flippin' idea.
c0000175
- You are so irritating.
You know that?
c0000176
- Since I've irritated you,
c0000177
I'm just gonna go over here
and eat some grilled corn.
c0000178
- [laughs]
I'll go with you!
c0000179
[upbeat music]
c0000180
♪ ♪
c0000181
[both laughing]
c0000182
- Let's see which castle can
stand up to the waves better.
c0000183
- Loser buys the winner
shaved ice, 'kay?
c0000184
[giggles]
c0000185
- Your big butt saved you.
c0000186
- [gasps]
Hey, shut up!
c0000187
- [groaning]
c0000188
- [laughing]
c0000189
[children laughing]
c0000190
Hey, Sakuta.
c0000191
- Don't tell me.
You're hungry again?
c0000192
- Thank you for everything.
c0000193
Here.
c0000194
- Hmm?
c0000195
- We should shake hands.
c0000196
- How come?
c0000197
- To say goodbye.
c0000198
I finally came to realize
you were still in love
c0000199
with Sakurajima so I got fed up
with you and decided
c0000200
to dump you.
c0000201
- Didn't you say you
were gonna slap me?
c0000202
- I'm just gonna tell people
I did that.
c0000203
And besides,
if I tried slapping you now,
c0000204
I'd be really ungrateful.
c0000205
- I see.
c0000206
Well, then, Koga...
c0000207
This is goodbye.
- Yep.
c0000208
- Have a good summer break.
c0000209
- You, too.
c0000210
I hope you get to go out
with Sakurajima someday.
c0000211
- [chuckles]
Thanks.
c0000212
I'll do my best.
c0000213
[birds chirping]
c0000214
- Rise and shine!
Time to get up!
c0000215
- [groans]
c0000216
Just so you know, Kaede--
- Yeah?
c0000217
- There's this really cool thing
called summer break that exists.
c0000218
- Yeah, but I thought that
didn't start until tomorrow.
c0000219
- No, it's today.
c0000220
- I think it's tomorrow.
c0000221
- Huh?
c0000222
[grunts]
- [gasps]
c0000223
- [gasping]
- Big brother?
c0000224
- Do you wanna eat
some watermelon, Kaede?
c0000225
- Oh, yeah, I'd like that.
c0000226
- Then I'll go out and buy
a round one next time.
c0000227
- I see.
c0000228
Oh, you mean this app.
c0000229
- Let me see.
- Yeah, that's right.
c0000230
- Tomoe.
- Ah!
c0000231
[all gasping]
c0000232
You can't just come
to my classroom like this.
c0000233
- Sorry for troubling you
but I had to come ere.
c0000234
Did something happen
that made you upset?
c0000235
- No, why?
- What do you mean, why?
c0000236
We're looping again, aren't we?
- Huh?
c0000237
- Isn't this the second today?
- Mm-mmm.
c0000238
- So then you're saying this
is your first time?
c0000239
- Mm-hmm.
c0000240
[school bell ringing]
- [stammering]
c0000241
Okay, you can forget about
what I said for now.
c0000242
- And after school?
- We'll do as planned.
c0000243
See you later.
- [grunts]
c0000244
- What do you think?
c0000245
- Azusagawa,
is your head all right?
c0000246
- What are you trying to say?
c0000247
- You just asked
a question that even someone
c0000248
in grade school would know.
c0000249
- [grunts]
c0000250
- If this is exactly what
you're thinking
c0000251
and that first-year is--
- Tomoe Koga.
c0000252
- If that girl
is the Laplace's demon
c0000253
then the answer is quite simple.
c0000254
- Is it simple?
c0000255
- There's very likely
a crucial difference
c0000256
between July 18th and July 19th
that you're not seeing yet.
c0000257
It could be something as simple
as her relationship
c0000258
with you making
a drastic change.
c0000259
- [grunts]
c0000260
- You actually have an idea
as to why, don't you?
c0000261
- Please, elaborate.
c0000262
- I'm referring to her reasoning
for trying
c0000263
to role the dice again.
c0000264
- [groans]
c0000265
Although,
in this particular case,
c0000266
Koga doesn't realize this
is the second time for her.
c0000267
- Then perhaps you're the demon
this time, Azusagawa.
c0000268
- I swear I'm not!
c0000269
- That means there's only
one possibility left.
c0000270
- You don't think--
- Yes.
c0000271
She's probably lying to you.
c0000272
- Oh, looks like you
got here before me.
c0000273
[exhales]
c0000274
[groans]
c0000275
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
c0000276
- I changed into my swimsuit
in the school locker room.
c0000277
You have such a pervy stare.
c0000278
[indistinct chatter]
c0000279
[both laughing]
c0000280
- [groaning]
c0000281
- [laughing]
c0000282
Thank you for everything.
c0000283
[indistinct chatter]
c0000284
- [groans]
c0000285
- Now, let's go swim.
c0000286
- Huh? Wait, no feedback?
c0000287
[both laughing]
c0000288
- [groans]
- [laughing]
c0000289
Thank you for everything.
c0000290
- Rise and shine!
Time to get up!
c0000291
[groaning]
c0000292
[grunts]
c0000293
- Can I ask you something?
- Hmm?
c0000294
- You're taken, right?
c0000295
- By a wonderful girlfriend.
c0000296
- Okay, and what if there
was another girl in your life
c0000297
who was in love with you?
c0000298
What would you do
if you suddenly realized
c0000299
that girl had feelings for you?
c0000300
- Who exactly
are we talking about?
c0000301
- It's just a hypothetical.
c0000302
- Is that so?
c0000303
- I wonder if she's realized
I've already known
c0000304
the whole time?
c0000305
She hasn't caught on for now.
c0000306
- [snickers]
For now, huh?
c0000307
To be honest, I don't really
like the idea of forcing someone
c0000308
to reveal whatever feelings they
have hidden in their heart.
c0000309
That's totally being
too self-conscious
c0000310
and who am I to do that?
c0000311
Though keeping the status quo
isn't good, either.
c0000312
So what's the right thing
to do here?
c0000313
- I was trying to ask you that.
c0000314
- So as you know,
c0000315
to morrow is the beginning
of a long summer break
c0000316
for all of you.
I'm going to be asking you...
c0000317
- [gasps]
c0000318
[chuckles]
- For two favors
c0000319
in the meantime.
One is...
c0000320
- Koga is lying to me.
c0000321
[cicadas chirping]
c0000322
- Sakuta?
c0000323
The beach is this way.
c0000324
- I've done today
four times already.
c0000325
- Does that mean you're bored
of the beach?
c0000326
- It sure is a good thing
that you can take hints.
c0000327
- We're going to Enoshima?
c0000328
- Consider it a make-up
for our first date.
c0000329
[dramatic music]
c0000330
♪ ♪
c0000331
[both breathing heavily]
c0000332
- My legs!
- Wait, aren't you a first-year?
c0000333
- What does that have
to do with anything?
c0000334
[both clapping]
c0000335
- These wooden plaques are good
for couples.
c0000336
Let's fill one out.
- Huh?
c0000337
You're really going
to lie to the gods?
c0000338
S--Stop!
c0000339
That's sinful, you know?
c0000340
- We should have been prepared
to go to hell once we decided
c0000341
to lie to everyone
at school about us.
c0000342
Your turn.
- [whimpers]
c0000343
[cicadas chirping]
c0000344
I mean, I'm fine with it,
but...
c0000345
[marker squeaking]
c0000346
[gasping]
c0000347
W--Wait a minute!
c0000348
If you put a lie in the middle
of everyone's real wishes,
c0000349
that's asking for trouble!
c0000350
I'll take it home with me.
c0000351
- I'm the only one
that's lying here
c0000352
so it's fine.
Don't worry.
c0000353
- Huh?
c0000354
Sakuta?
- Hmm?
c0000355
- About earlier.
c0000356
[exhales]
Never mind.
c0000357
I've got an idea.
c0000358
I think we should go
to the beach now.
c0000359
I did put on a swimsuit,
after all.
c0000360
You hear me?
c0000361
- Koga.
Enough with the lies.
c0000362
- Huh? Well, yeah.
c0000363
It's the last day.
- That's not it.
c0000364
- Uh, you look kinda scary
right now.
c0000365
- [grunts]
- What?
c0000366
What's the matter?
c0000367
- You seriously thought
I wouldn't notice?
c0000368
- I have no idea what
you're talking about.
c0000369
- Even if it was a lie,
c0000370
I was your boyfriend
for three weeks.
c0000371
I'm someone who can take hints.
I just choose not to.
c0000372
But if you don't wanna say it,
I will.
c0000373
No matter how many times
you keep re-rolling,
c0000374
it won't change feelings.
c0000375
Lies won't become reality,
and reality won't become lies.
c0000376
- Not after 100 times?
- No.
c0000377
- Or 1,000 times?
- That's right.
c0000378
- 10,000 times?
c0000379
- It could be 100 million times.
c0000380
I'll always be in love with Mai.
c0000381
You can repeat the same thing
but feelings stay in stasis.
c0000382
- I'm sorry, Sakuta,
but you're wrong.
c0000383
Feelings can be changed.
c0000384
They keep building up
the more you repeat them.
c0000385
Just like they have for me.
c0000386
I tried to forget but couldn't
no matter how hard I tried.
c0000387
I even thought this time
I'll do it for sure.
c0000388
I wanted to say goodbye
to these feelings so badly.
c0000389
[inhales]
Today you and I are supposed
c0000390
to have our last really
fun date together.
c0000391
I'm going to end this fake
relationship with a big smile.
c0000392
You're gonna be free
to go hit it off
c0000393
with Sakurajima like you wanted.
c0000394
Then in the second term
I'll poke fun at you
c0000395
by saying something like,
"Wow, you actually did it.
c0000396
Good for you."
c0000397
And eventually we're
gonna become friends.
c0000398
Good friends that
can talk about anything.
c0000399
You'll be the older one
who spoils me sometimes.
c0000400
One day we'll look back on today
and be like,
c0000401
"Remember when we pretended
to date?
c0000402
That was pretty fun, wasn't it?"
c0000403
And we'll laugh about it
and be best friends forever.
c0000404
We'll be best friends.
c0000405
That's the only thing
I'm wishing for.
c0000406
It's not like I wanted anything
that special.
c0000407
I wasn't being selfish.
c0000408
And I wasn't really even
troubling anyone else.
c0000409
So why?
c0000410
Why?
c0000411
Why is it tomorrow won't come
for me already?
c0000412
Why do my feeling continue
to grow each time
c0000413
I wake up in the morning?
c0000414
It's all such torture.
c0000415
So I decided to pretend
that none of it happened.
c0000416
- You don't have to do that,
Koga.
c0000417
- I do have to!
c0000418
It's because I know how madly
c0000419
in love you are with Sakurajima.
c0000420
I'd just inconvenience you!
c0000421
You're not supposed
to feel this way about a friend.
c0000422
These feelings shouldn't exist
between friends!
c0000423
- Did I ever say that I
was inconvenienced?
c0000424
- [gasps]
c0000425
That's cruel.
c0000426
I hate you so much, Sakuta!
You're the worst!
c0000427
This is all your fault!
c0000428
It's 'cause you were always
so nice to me!
c0000429
- Let it all out.
c0000430
You don't have to worry about
being considerate of me.
c0000431
- I hate myself
so much right now.
c0000432
This isn't me!
c0000433
- You're wrong, Koga.
c0000434
This is part of you.
c0000435
- It's not!
c0000436
This is nothing like me!
c0000437
I really want summer break
to get here.
c0000438
I wanna hurry and become friends
with you so we can have fun!
c0000439
It's my greatest wish!
c0000440
- You don't need to keep lying
to yourself anymore.
c0000441
- [gasps]
c0000442
- You're a high school
girl fighting for justice.
c0000443
There's nothing you're
not capable of.
c0000444
- That's cheating.
c0000445
It's so unfair to put
it that way.
c0000446
- It's okay.
c0000447
You can stop holding back now.
c0000448
- [whimpering]
c0000449
You're a big idiot and I--
I hate you!
c0000450
And yet, I...
c0000451
I'm...
c0000452
I'm in love with you, Sakuta.
c0000453
[inhales sharply]
c0000454
I love you!
c0000455
- Koga, you tried so hard.
c0000456
- [whimpers]
c0000457
- You gave it your best.
c0000458
- [crying]
c0000459
[birds chirping]
c0000460
- And the Japanese team
has won their match.
c0000461
Good morning, everyone.
- [meows]
c0000462
- Today is Friday, June 27th.
c0000463
- [gasps]
- Let's begin our segment...
c0000464
- She really is incredible.
- Hmm?
c0000465
- It was all just a simulation
of the future
c0000466
from the very start.
c0000467
- When Japan landed that goal,
c0000468
I jumped out of my seat.
c0000469
- Hey, Mai.
- What is it?
c0000470
- I love you.
- Please go out with me.
c0000471
- When you hear the same thing
for a whole month,
c0000472
it stops making your heart race.
It's less charming.
c0000473
- I see. Got turned down.
c0000474
I guess I'll just have
to look for a new romance, then.
c0000475
- Wait, what?
c0000476
- Thank you for everything
up until now.
c0000477
- I didn't exactly say no.
c0000478
Why are you giving up so easily?
c0000479
- So, will you?
c0000480
- [gasps]
c0000481
This is so forward of you,
Sakuta.
c0000482
- Will you?
c0000483
- [grunts]
Yeah, I will.
c0000484
- So Mai, would you mind if I
ask you how you feel about me?
c0000485
- About you?
Well, I--
c0000486
- You what?
- I don't think
c0000487
it really matters.
- I wouldn't be asking you
c0000488
if that were true.
c0000489
- You really want me
to tell you?
c0000490
- Yes.
c0000491
- Look!
- Hmm?
c0000492
- You understand now,
don't you?
c0000493
- [gasps]
c0000494
I wish it was mouth-to-mouth
instead.
c0000495
- [grunts]
c0000496
Don't push your luck.
- Ow.
c0000497
- [chuckling]
c0000498
- Sorry, but I'm afraid I can't
go out with you, Maezawa.
c0000499
- Well, you don't have
a boyfriend, do you?
c0000500
- No.
c0000501
- Then you're
in love with someone?
c0000502
- Yeah, even though he's
a caveman and doesn't have
c0000503
a smartphone like he should.
c0000504
- Who are you calling a caveman?
- [gasps]
c0000505
I never said I was talking
about you, Sakuta.
c0000506
I'm also holding
you responsible, by the way.
c0000507
- Wait, for what?
c0000508
- Rena's gonna end up hating me
for this
c0000509
and I'm not gonna have a place
in my class anymore.
c0000510
- Why am I being
held responsible for that?
c0000511
- 'Cause it's your fault,
obviously.
c0000512
- I'd like to hear your reason.
c0000513
- It's 'cause you made me become
an adult, Sakuta.
c0000514
- That sounds pretty lewd.
c0000515
- Are you just trying
to hide your embarrassment
c0000516
when you blurt out
weird stuff like that?
c0000517
It's getting old.
c0000518
- Well, no matter
what happens to you,
c0000519
I'll still be your friend.
c0000520
So don't you worry
about feeling alone.
c0000521
- Don't get it twisted.
c0000522
I'm the one that's letting you
be my best friend.
c0000523
[chuckles]
c0000524
- From that point up
to the beginning
c0000525
of summer break,
c0000526
there were a whole lot
of surprises.
c0000527
The days that I experienced
c0000528
with Koga ended up
becoming reality.
c0000529
She got hired at the restaurant
I work at.
c0000530
Mai gave Kaede an outfit
she wore for a gig.
c0000531
And then headed to Kagoshima
for more work.
c0000532
After she came back,
c0000533
she tutored me while wearing
her bunny girl outfit.
c0000534
Everything on the final exams
were the same, too.
c0000535
- Interesting.
c0000536
The girl that
so desperately tried
c0000537
to read the atmosphere
to blend in with others
c0000538
ended up being able to read
the future without realizing it.
c0000539
- Yeah, but of the seven billin
people on this planet,
c0000540
why was I the only one that got
sucked into that mess?
c0000541
- Quantum entanglement, maybe?
c0000542
- What the heck
is quantum entanglement?
c0000543
- It's a strange phenomenon
in which two particles
c0000544
in different locations instantly
share information
c0000545
and move without the need
for any sort of intermediary.
c0000546
- So are you trying to say
that Koga and I synchronized
c0000547
because we were both entangled?
c0000548
- Yes.
- Okay.
c0000549
But how did that happen?
c0000550
- Quantum entanglement occurs
after two particles collide
c0000551
with each other.
c0000552
Did you and that first-year ever
exchange any sort
c0000553
of impactful blow at some point?
c0000554
- Oh.
c0000555
We did kick each other's butts.
c0000556
- Azusagawa.
- Mm?
c0000557
- Let's perform a reenactment.
c0000558
Show me your butt.
c0000559
- I refuse.
c0000560
- Just shut up and do it,
you rascal.
c0000561
- I've gotta say
I'm looking forward
c0000562
to seeing you in an apron.
c0000563
- Sorry to disappoint
but I don't wear aprons.
c0000564
- What?
c0000565
- I guess I could make
an exception.
c0000566
- It'd be nice if you wore
nothing underneath.
c0000567
- I'm lacing the food
with laxatives.
c0000568
- I was joking.
- I really don't think you were.
c0000569
[gasps]
c0000570
Is something wrong?
- [gasps]
c0000571
This poor kitten!
both: Mm?
c0000572
- Hey, Mai, can you hold this?
- Sure.
c0000573
- I can take it back
to my place for now.
c0000574
- Oh, I should have mentioned
that I was actually planning
c0000575
on adopting it.
c0000576
- That's fine.
You can contact me.
c0000577
I'll give you a number you
can reach me at.
c0000578
I'm Sakuta Azusagawa.
c0000579
My first name's spelled
just like blooming taro.
c0000580
And my last like the rest stop.
c0000581
- Oh, okay.
c0000582
My name is Shoko Makinohara.
c0000583
- [gasps]
c0000584
- Oh, Azusagawa.
You're such a rascal.